v23.1.2 release notes - abridged (#17096)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/releases/v23.1/v23.1.2.md

## v23.1.2

Release Date: May 25, 2023

{% include releases/release-downloads-docker-image.md release=include.release %}

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
This is an incomplete list of the changes included in the v23.1.2 release. The full list will be published soon.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

<h3 id="v23-1-2-bug-fixes">Bug fixes</h3>

- A bug was fixed where, under high CPU load, HTTP requests to certain API endpoints such as the `health` endpoint could start failing and then never succeed again until the node was restarted. This bug was introduced in v23.1. [#103775][#103775]

<div class="release-note-contributors" markdown="1">

<h3 id="v23-1-2-contributors">Contributors</h3>

> This release includes 329 merged PRs by 70 authors.

Reviewer: I think it only contains 1, right?

## v23.1.2

Release Date: May 25, 2023

{% include releases/release-downloads-docker-image.md release=include.release %}

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
This is an incomplete list of the changes included in the v23.1.2 release. The full list will be published soon.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

<h3 id="v23-1-2-bug-fixes">Bug fixes</h3>

> - A bug was fixed where, under high CPU load, HTTP requests to certain API endpoints (e.g., the `health` endpoint) could start failing and then never succeed again until the node was restarted. This bug was introduced in v23.1. [#103775][#103775]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A bug was fixed where, under high CPU load, HTTP requests to certain API endpoints such as the `health` endpoint could start failing and then never succeed again until the node was restarted. This bug was introduced in v23.1. [#103775][#103775]
```

<div class="release-note-contributors" markdown="1">

<h3 id="v23-1-2-contributors">Contributors</h3>

This release includes 329 merged PRs by 70 authors.

</div>

> 
> [#100049]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/100049
> [#100475]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/100475
> [#100509]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/100509
> [#100670]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/100670
> [#100841]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/100841
> [#100844]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/100844
> [#100939]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/100939
> [#100948]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/100948
> [#101094]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101094
> [#101135]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101135
> [#101164]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101164
> [#101173]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101173
> [#101301]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101301
> [#101309]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101309
> [#101367]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101367
> [#101382]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101382
> [#101392]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101392
> [#101428]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101428
> [#101443]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101443
> [#101483]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101483
> [#101491]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101491
> [#101493]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101493
> [#101507]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101507
> [#101564]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101564
> [#101596]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101596
> [#101641]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101641
> [#101669]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101669
> [#101688]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101688
> [#101697]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101697
> [#101709]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101709
> [#101753]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101753
> [#101758]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101758
> [#101759]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101759
> [#101782]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101782
> [#101783]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101783
> [#101793]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/101793

Reviewer: Not used in the file
```suggestion
```

[#103450]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103450
[#103451]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103451
[#103466]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103466
[#103474]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103474
[#103520]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103520
[#103521]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103521
[#103526]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103526
[#103546]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103546
[#103556]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103556
[#103559]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103559
[#103626]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103626
[#103630]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103630
[#103631]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103631
[#103637]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103637
[#103639]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103639
[#103640]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103640
[#103689]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103689
[#103775]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103775

> [#103777]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/103777
> [#99823]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/99823
> [#99946]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/99946
> [0903f9790]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/0903f9790
> [194007ac9]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/194007ac9
> [26f915186]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/26f915186
> [406baeb6b]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/406baeb6b
> [448802fbd]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/448802fbd
> [653aba7be]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/653aba7be
> [8734e2c66]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/8734e2c66
> [ad2e4eda2]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/ad2e4eda2
> [c6f062a53]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/c6f062a53
> [cab396771]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/cab396771
> [ccfd125aa]: https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/ccfd125aa

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Not used in the file
